README.md, before:

# GroupAA-Unity2D-Pixel-Puzzle-Game

## 1. Project description

Game name:

Description:

## 2. Group Information

Course name: MSc Multi-Platform Game Development (Queen Mary University of London)

Group ID: Group AA

Group members:

- Jianxiang Gao
- Ruyun Zhang
- Ziheng Gong

## 3. Versions

2020/10/21

- Ground & Wall & Furniture & Decoration

2020/10/26

- Player Movement (Animation) Up-Down-Left-Right
- Camera Follow(smooth move)
- Camera limit (max-min) range

2020/10/30

- Add idle Animation (Rewrite the Player Movement)
- Dialogue System (Only one-to-one dialogue with one text line)
- AI enemy (A* algorithm)
- Bag System

2020/11/01

- Add Audio (bgm with nocopyright) & Part of the game sounds
- Lighting effect
- Door control

## 4. References

Assets:

- http://www.sucaixiang.com/material-234.html
- https://pixel-poem.itch.io/dungeon-assetpuck
- https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/environments/rogue-fantasy-castle-164725

Audio:

- "Uniq - Art Of Silence" is under a Creative Commons license (CC BY-NC-SA 3.0) 

  Music promoted by BreakingCopyright: https://bit.ly/uniq-art-of-silence

Commit message:

Combine multi work & solve errors

README.md, after:

# GroupAA-Unity2D-Pixel-Puzzle-Game

## 1. Project description

**Game name:** "Lost Castle"

**Description:** 

- This is a pixel style 2D game based on Unity3D.
- The player can use the keyboard and mouse to control the movement of the characters and the funtion keys. The game perspective adopts the form of Top-Down. The player needs to constantly interact with the surrounding things to obtain "clues" or keys to solve various puzzles and mechanisms. Connect all "clues" together to get a complete story line.
- The game method of solving puzzles and fragmented "clues" will provide players with an immersive gaming experience, and the player will also get a great sense of accomplishment when the truth is finally obtained.

**Demo of prototype URL:**

https://youtu.be/hU_ybcyfEiU

## 2. Group Information

**Course name:** MSc Multi-Platform Game Development (Queen Mary University of London)

**Group ID:** Group AA

**Group members:**

- Jianxiang Gao
- Ruyun Zhang
- Ziheng Gong

## 3. Versions

2020/10/21

- Ground & Wall & Furniture & Decoration

2020/10/26

- Player Movement (Animation) Up-Down-Left-Right
- Camera Follow(smooth move)
- Camera limit (max-min) range

2020/10/30

- Add idle Animation (Rewrite the Player Movement)
- Dialogue System (Only one-to-one dialogue with one text line)
- AI enemy (A* algorithm)
- Bag System

2020/11/01

- Add Audio (bgm with nocopyright) & Part of the game sounds
- Lighting effect
- Door control

2020/11/02

- Combine multi-person work and resolve errors.

## 4. References

**Assets:**

- http://www.sucaixiang.com/material-234.html
- https://pixel-poem.itch.io/dungeon-assetpuck
- https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/environments/rogue-fantasy-castle-164725

**Audio:**

- "Uniq - Art Of Silence" is under a Creative Commons license (CC BY-NC-SA 3.0) 

  Music promoted by BreakingCopyright: https://bit.ly/uniq-art-of-silence
